=== Custom field tab for woocommerce product ===
Contributors: romal4u
Donate link: paypal.me/romalpatel
Tags: woocommerce, customfield, addontab, metadata
Requires at least: 3.0.1
Tested up to: 5.0.2
Requires PHP: 5.2.4
Stable tag: 4.3
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

This plugin is used for add custom field for woocommerce products to add customized attributes of products. Plugin also display custom tab data on product page at front side.

== Installation ==

This section describes how to install the plugin and get it working.

e.g.

1. Upload the plugin directory to the `/wp-content/plugins` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' screen in WordPress
3. Use the woocommerce Products->Product Data screen to check the custom tab generated by plugin
4. After adding custom fields from step 3 check the data at front side on product detail page.

== Frequently Asked Questions ==


= Can I use this plugin for display different kind of attributes of products ? =


Yes you can add number of attributes of product which you want to show at front side in product detail page.

== Screenshots ==

1. In Admin you can see the custom tab like below screenshot and add your custom attributes for products.

2. This is the second screen shot in which you can see how your custom tab display at product detail page.

== Changelog == 
= 1.0 =
Initial plugin

== Upgrade Notice ==
= 1.0 =
Stay tuned for the latest upcoming updates

